Q1: How did viewing a diff between two versions help you spot the bug?

A1: By comparing two versions of the same file (the new and the old one) 
I can see where the differences between the two occur. So if I introduced a typo or a bug in the new version I can easily see where it is.
With diff I can see if i removed a line, if I added a line or if I changed a line    

Q2: How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

A2: With the access to the entire hystory of a file I can see all the changes made to the file, where and when I added new functions etc. 
Having the complete history could be also usefull to have a conceptual view of the project development. I can be more efficient
because I can make changes more confidently and it's easy to correct errors or to roll back to a previous version of the file etc.



Q3: What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

A3: The pros of git are the greater control over version control and the possibility to save one logical step per commit. The cons is the chance to lost work
if one accidentaly forget to make a commit when needed 


Q4:Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

A4: Because git is more oriented to programming where is very likable that multiple files change togheter.
Probably Google Docs is more oriented to text documents production

Q5: How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

A5: With git log I can see all the commits of the repository. With git diff I can see diferences between two commits of the repository



Q6: How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

A6: It's obvious



Q7: Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

A7:
